README.md, before:

# Repo used for configuring a new linux system with Ansible (WIP)

##### Work in progress for auto configuring a dev-env in linux while learning Ansible 

###### Things to be learned a prior
- [ ] Research how to install this tools in ansible-pull
- [ ] Research ansible-galaxy 

###### Highest priority taks to implement in this ansible playbook:
- [ ] refactor playbook for better readibility
- [ ] check that python is at version 3.8.4^
- [ ] get .dot files from github repo
- [ ] install nvim
- [ ] get .vimrc files from github repo
- [ ] install docker, docker-compose
- [ ] install k8s
- [ ] install docker-cluster (?)
- [ ] install java
- [ ] install pycharm, webstorm


###### Usefull tools to integrate in the playbook but needs manual steps to be installed
- [ ] glances: more info about your system https://nicolargo.github.io/glances/
- [ ] z: jump around most used folders https://github.com/rupa/z
- [ ] starship: customizable shell https://starship.rs/
- [ ] ctop: really nice tool to handle docker containers https://github.com/bcicen/ctop
- [ ] lazydocker: cli tool to navigate docker containers https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazydocker
- [ ] asciinema: record terminal https://asciinema.org/
- [ ] diff-so-fancy: maybe? an alternative to vimdiff https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy
- [ ] litecli: manage sqlite form cli! https://litecli.com/
- [ ] pgcli: manage postgresql form cli!!  https://www.pgcli.com/
- [ ] newsboat: rss feed reader for stackoverlow questions https://github.com/newsboat/newsboat
- [ ] irssi irc chat client
- [ ] cookiecutter create projects from templates https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#entertainment 
- [ ] audio engine, music player https://github.com/clangen/musikcube
- [ ] task runner for general purpose https://github.com/zaaack/foy
- [ ] save and run project-specific commands https://github.com/casey/just
- [ ] interactive gitignore https://github.com/TejasQ/add-gitignore
- [ ] supercharged aws-cli https://github.com/donnemartin/saws
- [ ] manage docker containers https://github.com/lirantal/dockly
- [ ] show forecast of the weather because Finland https://github.com/schachmat/wego
- [ ] quick questions about programming https://github.com/gleitz/howdoi
- [ ] same as above but for stackoverlow https://github.com/santinic/how2
- [ ] corrects errors in previous console commands https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck
- [ ] docs search https://github.com/sunaku/dasht/
- [ ] same as above https://github.com/zealdocs/zeal
- [ ] nice tree view and navigation https://github.com/dduan/tre
- [ ] navi: interactive cheatsheet https://github.com/denisidoro/navi
- [ ] sshfs: mount local repos dirs https://github.com/libfuse/sshfs
- [ ] All the power of caniuse.com with none of the GUI https://github.com/sgentle/caniuse-cmd
- [ ] task list management utility https://github.com/GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior
- [ ] manage ssh connetions https://github.com/emre/storm
- [ ] cheatsheets https://github.com/cheat/cheat
- [ ] manage several databases https://github.com/xo/usql
- [ ] aliasme: manage aliases in terminal https://github.com/Jintin/aliasme
- [ ] bashmarks: manage folders as alieases https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks
- [ ] pre-commit: manage and maintain multi-language pre-commit hooks https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
- [ ] wuzz: like postman but for cli https://github.com/asciimoo/wuzz
- [ ] cli-typer: practice touch typing because comiplie-time! https://github.com/balzss/cli-typer
- [ ] speed-test: because vpn https://github.com/sindresorhus/speed-test
- [ ] bitlbee: instant messenger 
- [ ] mutt: cli email client http://www.mutt.org/
- [ ] pass: password management tool https://www.passwordstore.org/ 

##### References
###### Cli-Tools
> https://kkovacs.eu/cool-but-obscure-unix-tools
> 
> https://blog.ssdnodes.com/blog/13-smart-terminal-tools-to-level-up-your-linux-servers/ 

###### Ansible documentation
> https://docs.ansible.com/

Commit message:

added requirements for ansible galaxy

README.md, after:

# Repo used for configuring a new linux system with Ansible (WIP)

##### Work in progress for auto configuring a dev-env in linux while learning Ansible 

###### Things to be learned a prior
- [ ] Research how to install this tools in ansible-pull
- [ ] Research ansible-galaxy 
> [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaXVZ60o8L8]
> To have roles located localy we create a file name ansible.cfg and inside we paste this variable:
``` roles_path = ./roles ```
> where ./roles is the location of the folder that will hold these roles
> Also to have all the roles detailed in a single file we create a requirements.yml file which holds all the roles
> Example:
```
---
roles:
  - name: geerlingguy.homebrew
    version: 3.1.0
  - name: elliotweiser.osx-command-line-tools
    version: 2.3.0
```
> Then to install:
```
ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml
```

###### Highest priority taks to implement in this ansible playbook:
- [ ] get .dot files from github repo
- [ ] install nvim
- [ ] get .vimrc files from github repo
- [ ] check that python is at version 3.8.4^
- [ ] install docker, docker-compose
- [ ] install k8s
- [ ] install docker-cluster (?)
- [ ] install java
- [ ] install pycharm, webstorm
- [ ] refactor playbook for better readibility

###### Usefull tools to integrate in the playbook but needs manual steps to be installed
- [ ] glances: more info about your system https://nicolargo.github.io/glances/
- [ ] z: jump around most used folders https://github.com/rupa/z
- [ ] starship: customizable shell https://starship.rs/
- [ ] ctop: really nice tool to handle docker containers https://github.com/bcicen/ctop
- [ ] lazydocker: cli tool to navigate docker containers https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazydocker
- [ ] asciinema: record terminal https://asciinema.org/
- [ ] diff-so-fancy: maybe? an alternative to vimdiff https://github.com/so-fancy/diff-so-fancy
- [ ] litecli: manage sqlite form cli! https://litecli.com/
- [ ] pgcli: manage postgresql form cli!!  https://www.pgcli.com/
- [ ] newsboat: rss feed reader for stackoverlow questions https://github.com/newsboat/newsboat
- [ ] irssi irc chat client
- [ ] cookiecutter create projects from templates https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#entertainment 
- [ ] audio engine, music player https://github.com/clangen/musikcube
- [ ] task runner for general purpose https://github.com/zaaack/foy
- [ ] save and run project-specific commands https://github.com/casey/just
- [ ] interactive gitignore https://github.com/TejasQ/add-gitignore
- [ ] supercharged aws-cli https://github.com/donnemartin/saws
- [ ] manage docker containers https://github.com/lirantal/dockly
- [ ] show forecast of the weather because Finland https://github.com/schachmat/wego
- [ ] quick questions about programming https://github.com/gleitz/howdoi
- [ ] same as above but for stackoverlow https://github.com/santinic/how2
- [ ] corrects errors in previous console commands https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck
- [ ] docs search https://github.com/sunaku/dasht/
- [ ] same as above https://github.com/zealdocs/zeal
- [ ] nice tree view and navigation https://github.com/dduan/tre
- [ ] navi: interactive cheatsheet https://github.com/denisidoro/navi
- [ ] sshfs: mount local repos dirs https://github.com/libfuse/sshfs
- [ ] All the power of caniuse.com with none of the GUI https://github.com/sgentle/caniuse-cmd
- [ ] task list management utility https://github.com/GothenburgBitFactory/taskwarrior
- [ ] manage ssh connetions https://github.com/emre/storm
- [ ] cheatsheets https://github.com/cheat/cheat
- [ ] manage several databases https://github.com/xo/usql
- [ ] aliasme: manage aliases in terminal https://github.com/Jintin/aliasme
- [ ] bashmarks: manage folders as alieases https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks
- [ ] pre-commit: manage and maintain multi-language pre-commit hooks https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
- [ ] wuzz: like postman but for cli https://github.com/asciimoo/wuzz
- [ ] cli-typer: practice touch typing because comiplie-time! https://github.com/balzss/cli-typer
- [ ] speed-test: because vpn https://github.com/sindresorhus/speed-test
- [ ] bitlbee: instant messenger 
- [ ] mutt: cli email client http://www.mutt.org/
- [ ] pass: password management tool https://www.passwordstore.org/ 

##### References
###### Cli-Tools
> https://kkovacs.eu/cool-but-obscure-unix-tools
> 
> https://blog.ssdnodes.com/blog/13-smart-terminal-tools-to-level-up-your-linux-servers/ 

###### Ansible documentation
> https://docs.ansible.com/
